[DXIL] Add -fhlsl-unused-resource-bindings=reserve-all to ensure consistent binding assignments (#7643)
microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

- Fixed regression: [#7508](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/issues/7508) crash when calling `Load` with `status`.
- Header file `dxcpix.h` was added to the release package.
- Moved Linear Algebra (Cooperative Vector) DXIL Opcodes to experimental Shader Model 6.10

> - Added `-fhlsl-unused-resource-bindings=<value>` an option to allow deciding on how to treat unused resource bindings in DXIL; `strip` (default) or `reserve-all`. `strip` will strip unused resources before generating bindings for resources without a `: register`, and `reserve-all` will keep them reserved for generated bindings while stripping them afterwards. See [explanation](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/pull/7643#issuecomment-3496917202) for more details.

Reviewer: Note for when resolving conflicts: make sure this is in the "Upcoming Release" section.  Automerge may well try and put this somewhere else.

> - Added `-fhlsl-unused-resource-bindings=<value>` an option to allow deciding on how to treat unused resource bindings in DXIL; `strip` (default), `keep` or `reserve`. `strip` will strip unused resources before generating bindings for resources without a `: register`, `keep` keeps them around while marking them with `D3D_SIF_UNUSED` in reflection and `reserve` will keep them reserved for generated bindings while stripping them afterwards. See [explanation](https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/pull/7643#issuecomment-3496917202) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `-fhlsl-unused-resource-bindings=<value>` an option to allow deciding on how to treat unused
  resource bindings in DXIL; `strip` (default), `keep-all` or `reserve-all`. `strip` will strip all unused resources,
  `keep-all` will keep them around while marking them with `D3D_SIF_UNUSED` in reflection, and `reserve` will keep
  their binding slots reserved when implicit bindings are assigned but not include them in the shader binding table
  or reflection. See [explanation] https://github.com/microsoft/DirectXShaderCompiler/pull/7643#issuecomment-3496917202)
  for more details.```

Reviewer 2: Actually, just add the text for `reserve-all` for now. The `keep-all` should be added in the follow-up change.

 This includes the compiler executable, the dynamic library, and the dxil signing library.
- New flags for inspecting compile times:
  - `-ftime-report` flag prints a high level summary of compile time broken down by major phase or pass in the compiler. The DXC
  command line will print the output to stdout.
  - `-ftime-trace` flag prints a Chrome trace json file. The output can be routed to a specific file by providing a filename to
  the argument using the format `-ftime-trace=<filename>`. Chrome trace files can be opened in Chrome by loading the built-in tracing tool
  at chrome://tracing. The trace file captures hierarchial timing data with additional context enabling a much more in-depth profiling

>   experience.

Author: Must've been an accidental format by my markdown editor.
